taking care
the young man I'm not stupid
eugenic weeping
ah
was partly picked up by radio and
a woman there denounced him as
I was seeing in Rome and the cargo in the harbor.
hence there is probably no fall on the fifth
Armed fair to jump causing the
purpose of these truckloads there
in the port area of ​​the city of são paulo
in which perry third round of the open
of caution
possibly the
We are the mother of the millennium .
truck and asks
sakineh is a girl to go unpunished
goes from the airport
I want to call the time
with brevity a certain and a son
the input for the course of a radio
linked in research already covered the eyes
and it's still cautious
Very well.
while defending your appearance comes also with the
brother is going there one on the floor that too
sings
I kissed valley bank
looks there installed in the sale of drugs
in life there
But we're talking or talking, you know it's
one more name you 're tied
besides the truck and the commitment that
this time appears to the people of this
need more complicated there will stay
as it is more under law to be attentive in
ordinary the policemen the woman he has
stored on a truck to release what the
head of no one stand in silence of
The question gathering is as follows:
There was nobody with you on TV, I understand.
what's up, you 're fond of work
so how can you see there was play
by copom
would be viana in rome and the load fell
mouth a school and rendering Leiros
porphyry there in the body and follow the sheik
I volunteer because I did not mention the
since they came quickly from the place
it is our duty until it has arrived
the queen of course shadow shadowing
of doctors with favelas doing there
and when you get here
next to the one known as the mansion here is
no one has stopped the truck already
was carried out and the assembly was
the fight of the vehicle and now it will be
sent to a police officer to take
my idea
the young man I'm not a fighter
eugenic weeping